Improve displayName description (#11407)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Get-Team.md

```

### -DisplayName

> Specify this parameter to return teams with the provided displayname as a filter.  As displayname is not unique, multiple values can be returned. Note that this filter value is case-sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify this parameter to return teams with the provided display name as a filter.  As the display name is not unique, multiple values can be returned. Note that this filter value is case-sensitive.
```
